README.md, before:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29311022/27184688-27629126-51e3-11e7-9a23-276628da2430.png" height=70px/>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29311022/27278631-2e19f99e-54e2-11e7-919c-f89ae0c90648.png" height=70px/>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29311022/27184769-65c6583a-51e3-11e7-90e0-12a4bdf292e2.png" height=70px/>

# Multi-Sentence Textual Entailment for Claim Verification
## This repository was constructed by team Athene for the [FEVER shared task 1](http://fever.ai/2018/task.html). The system reached the third rank in the overall results and first rank on the evidence recall sub-task

This repository builds upon the baseline system repository developed by the FEVER shared task organizers: https://github.com/sheffieldnlp/fever-naacl-2018

This is an accompanying repository for our FEVER Workshop paper at EMNLP 2018. For more information see the paper: [UKP-Athene: Multi-Sentence Textual Entailment for Claim Verification](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.01479.pdf)

Please use the following citation:
	
            @article{hanselowski2018ukp,
                      title={UKP-Athene: Multi-Sentence Textual Entailment for Claim Verification},
                      author={Hanselowski, Andreas and Zhang, Hao and Li, Zile and Sorokin, Daniil and Schiller, Benjamin and Schulz, Claudia and Gurevych, Iryna},
                      journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1809.01479},
                      year={2018}
                    }


Disclaimer:
> This repository contains experimental software and is published for the sole purpose of giving additional background details on the respective publication.


### Requirements
* Python 3.6
* AllenNLP
* TensorFlow

### Installation 

* Download and install Anaconda (https://www.anaconda.com/)
* Create a Python Environment and activate it:
```bash 
    conda create -n fever python=3.6
    source activate fever
```
* Install the required dependencies
```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
```
* Download NLTK Punkt Tokenizer
```bash
    python -c "import nltk; nltk.download('punkt')"
```
* Proceed with downloading the data set, the embeddings, the models and the evidence data

### Download the FEVER data set
Download the FEVER dataset from [the website of the FEVER share task](https://sheffieldnlp.github.io/fever/data.html) into the data directory

    mkdir data
    mkdir data/fever-data
    
    #To replicate the paper, download paper_dev and paper_test files. These are concatenated for the shared task
    wget -O data/fever-data/train.jsonl https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/train.jsonl
    wget -O data/fever-data/dev.jsonl https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/shared_task_dev.jsonl
    wget -O data/fever-data/test.jsonl https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/shared_task_test.jsonl


### Download the word embeddings

Download pretrained GloVe Vectors

    wget http://nlp.stanford.edu/data/wordvecs/glove.6B.zip
    unzip glove.6B.zip -d data/glove
    gzip data/glove/*.txt
    
Download pretrained Wiki FastText Vectors

    wget https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/fasttext-vectors/wiki.en.zip
    mkdir -p data/fasttext
    unzip wiki.en.zip -d data/fasttext


### Download evidence data
The data preparation consists of three steps: (1) downloading the articles from Wikipedia, (2) indexing these for the evidence retrieval and (3) performing the negative sampling for training . 

#### 1. Download Wikipedia data:

Download the pre-processed Wikipedia articles and unzip it into the data folder.
    
    wget https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/wiki-pages.zip
    unzip wiki-pages.zip -d data
 

#### 2. Indexing 
Construct an SQLite Database (go grab a coffee while this runs)

    PYTHONPATH=src python src/scripts/build_db.py data/wiki-pages data/fever/fever.db
    
#### 3. Sampling negative evidence
[coming soon]

 
### Download the UKP-Athene models
[coming soon]

### Run the end-to-end pipeline of the submitted models

    PYTHONPATH=src python src/script/athene/pipeline.py

### Run the variation of the RTE model
Another variation of the ESIM model is configured through the config file in the conf folder.

To run the models:
    
    PYTHONPATH=src python src/scripts/athene/pipeline.py --config conf/<config_file>
    
### Contacts:
If you have any questions regarding the code, please, don't hesitate to contact the authors or report an issue.
  * \<lastname\>@ukp.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de
  * https://www.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de/ukp/ukp_home/
  * https://www.tu-darmstadt.de    
  
### License:
  * Apache License Version 2.0

Commit message:

Add links to the models

README.md, after:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29311022/27184688-27629126-51e3-11e7-9a23-276628da2430.png" height=70px/>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29311022/27278631-2e19f99e-54e2-11e7-919c-f89ae0c90648.png" height=70px/>
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29311022/27184769-65c6583a-51e3-11e7-90e0-12a4bdf292e2.png" height=70px/>

# Multi-Sentence Textual Entailment for Claim Verification
## This repository was constructed by team Athene for the [FEVER shared task 1](http://fever.ai/2018/task.html). The system reached the third rank in the overall results and first rank on the evidence recall sub-task

This repository builds upon the baseline system repository developed by the FEVER shared task organizers: https://github.com/sheffieldnlp/fever-naacl-2018

This is an accompanying repository for our FEVER Workshop paper at EMNLP 2018. For more information see the paper: [UKP-Athene: Multi-Sentence Textual Entailment for Claim Verification](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.01479.pdf)

Please use the following citation:
```
@article{hanselowski2018ukp,
          title={UKP-Athene: Multi-Sentence Textual Entailment for Claim Verification},
          author={Hanselowski, Andreas and Zhang, Hao and Li, Zile and Sorokin, Daniil and Schiller, Benjamin and Schulz, Claudia and Gurevych, Iryna},
          journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1809.01479},
          year={2018}
        }
```


Disclaimer:
> This repository contains experimental software and is published for the sole purpose of giving additional background details on the respective publication.


### Requirements
* Python 3.6
* AllenNLP
* TensorFlow

### Installation 

* Download and install Anaconda (https://www.anaconda.com/)
* Create a Python Environment and activate it:
```bash 
    conda create -n fever python=3.6
    source activate fever
```
* Install the required dependencies
```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
```
* Download NLTK Punkt Tokenizer
```bash
    python -c "import nltk; nltk.download('punkt')"
```
* Proceed with downloading the data set, the embeddings, the models and the evidence data

### Download the FEVER data set
Download the FEVER dataset from [the website of the FEVER share task](https://sheffieldnlp.github.io/fever/data.html) into the data directory

    mkdir data
    mkdir data/fever-data
    
    #To replicate the paper, download paper_dev and paper_test files. These are concatenated for the shared task
    wget -O data/fever-data/train.jsonl https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/train.jsonl
    wget -O data/fever-data/dev.jsonl https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/shared_task_dev.jsonl
    wget -O data/fever-data/test.jsonl https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/shared_task_test.jsonl


### Download the word embeddings

Download pretrained GloVe Vectors

    wget http://nlp.stanford.edu/data/wordvecs/glove.6B.zip
    unzip glove.6B.zip -d data/glove
    gzip data/glove/*.txt
    
Download pretrained Wiki FastText Vectors

    wget https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/fasttext-vectors/wiki.en.zip
    mkdir -p data/fasttext
    unzip wiki.en.zip -d data/fasttext


### Download evidence data
The data preparation consists of three steps: (1) downloading the articles from Wikipedia, (2) indexing these for the evidence retrieval and (3) performing the negative sampling for training . 

#### 1. Download Wikipedia data:

Download the pre-processed Wikipedia articles and unzip it into the data folder.
    
    wget https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/fever.public/wiki-pages.zip
    unzip wiki-pages.zip -d data
 

#### 2. Indexing 
Construct an SQLite Database (go grab a coffee while this runs)

    PYTHONPATH=src python src/scripts/build_db.py data/wiki-pages data/fever/fever.db
    
#### 3. Sampling negative evidence
[coming soon]

 
### Download the UKP-Athene models
* Download the pre-trained sentence selection ESIM model and the claim verification ESIM models [here](https://public.ukp.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de/fever-2018-team-athene/). 

### Run the end-to-end pipeline of the submitted models

    PYTHONPATH=src python src/script/athene/pipeline.py

### Run the variation of the RTE model
Another variation of the ESIM model is configured through the config file in the conf folder.

To run the models:
    
    PYTHONPATH=src python src/scripts/athene/pipeline.py --config conf/<config_file>
    
### Contacts:
If you have any questions regarding the code, please, don't hesitate to contact the authors or report an issue.
  * \<lastname\>@ukp.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de
  * https://www.informatik.tu-darmstadt.de/ukp/ukp_home/
  * https://www.tu-darmstadt.de    
  
### License:
  * Apache License Version 2.0
